and let me tell you it is so much easier  said than done it's really easy to sit  here behind the screen and tell you  don't let what other people say in your  personal life at least get under your  skin because it can completely wreck you  truthfully like internet comments don't  really get under my skin um things that  affect me are more in my personal life  for as long as i can remember i've been  doing  adult unboxings my attitude towards sex  and sexuality and discussing things even  like religion or politics on this  channel never really caused an issue for  me that i cared about long story short  people in my life have really really  attacked me for my personal choices  and my online content they  explained to me that they were morally  and ethically superior to me  that they were unsure as to whether or  not they wanted me in their life when  that was said  that was when i was just finding out  that i was pregnant it continued on and  got as bad as  when i was around seven months pregnant  someone told me that they actually  wished for my unborn baby to die it's  something  that was really difficult for david and  i to work through and  this negativity bled  into everything in my life um it made  um there was a lot of stress just in  everyday life  um it made me afraid  of  saying or doing certain things online  i  started reconsidering the sponsorships  that i was getting i started worrying  about  what i was wearing even in like  instagram pictures and i like i'm so  embarrassed about this because i really  try to represent somebody that is way  stronger than this i developed like this  new fear  and stress that i had really never felt  before it i think it's kind of apparent  like if you look back through my videos  i don't have the same  oomph i don't have the same spark but  the real reason is this that i was  operating a little bit  um  silenced in a way because  of the backlash i faced i have a feeling  that i'm going to get a lot of comments  saying to just remove these people from  my life um it's not always that easy i  don't think i want to approach things  like that either um just closing a book  i don't think it's so black and white  all the time um even though for some  people it could and maybe it should be  um everybody's different but i think my  approach is going to not be to cut  people out of my life but i'm also not  going to  fight tooth and nail to keep people in  my life that don't want to be there now  this nihilism  runs  deep  and it conveys  it conveys and betrays  a certain contempt  [Music]  [Applause]  words are important  not because of  how they sound  not because of how they make us feel  when we hear them said  or how we change other people's feelings  when we inflict our voices upon them  words are important  because of how we think  how we think about ourselves how we  think about life how we think about  reality  i'd like to suggest to you that your  life  would be different  if you stopped using the word  tolerance  if you force yourself not just in your  writing and your conversations with  friends  to avoid  using the word  tolerance  and to instead talk about  indifference  we once got onto a bus here  in urban canada it was the long bus ride  that connects the airport to downtown as  in many cities around the world that's  the longest bus ride you're ever gonna  take  in our case it's from a ferry port from  a harbor downtown and then the ferry  connects to the airport  details  and there was a severely mentally  handicapped man who came on the bus  and i'm not faulting him for this  uh he came on  he said to me in a cheery childlike  voice despite his years he looked around  45 or 50. he said to me in a cheery  childlike voice you look like a  businessman  which was just  very unexpected and i was in the middle  of a conversation with my girlfriend  about politics or philosophy or history  yeah  then he sat down right behind us and he  proceeded to very loudly  on the phone  have conversations  with people who were connected to the  different church groups  he was a member of  and again i'm not folding it wasn't like  he was shouting at the top of his voice  but just in a very childlike  unsophisticated way  uh he talked about his blood pressure  medications he talked about  conversations he recently had with  different doctors and medical people who  are compelled to spend time with him  and uh  it was obvious in this conversation that  his life  his leisure time  largely consisted of going from one  church group to the next and  probably those are the main people in  our society who are motivated to spend  time with mentally handicapped adults  and he was going into detail about how  he liked to go to this particular church  for certain types of songs certain types  of services but then there's a certain  day of the week where he goes to this  other church he likes the lecture or he  likes the ceremony whatever he likes the  preaching there and like he had like  seven different churches in his uh  social calendar and i'm guessing there  were  several different preachers who were  very happy that uh he didn't come to  just one he wasn't spending all of his  time  imposing upon their patience  faith hope and charity okay well what if  what if that man  were your own brother  what if that man were your own son  it's not about tolerance  is it are you gonna say that you're  fundamentally  indifferent  to whether or not he lives a lie  that this guy is severely mentally  handicapped  there are a lot of things he's never  gonna understand a lot of refined  pleasures in life is going to be cut off  from  are you going to take the attitude that  if it makes him happy  to be a part of the christian church or  seven different  christian purchases  you're just going to be  indifferent to that  you're gonna let him believe  whatever he wants to believe  as long  as it makes him happy what if it's not  christianity  if it's islam  what if he becomes a suicide bomber  what if he gets involved with  jihadist  extremist  muslim groups oh  well you know that's the thing about  tolerance  it has certain kinds of limits and  limitations but i don't want to talk  about tolerance  i want to talk about indifference your  indifference and your sense  of moral responsibility because on some  level you know  whether it is buddhism hinduism  christianity judaism or islam no matter  what it is  ignoring  your brother's beliefs  indulging your brother's beliefs it's  wrong  that really the right thing to do  is for somebody to take the time  to explain to him what's real and what's  true in this world and what is not  the same way that somebody had to take  the time to explain to this guy how to  brush his teeth  and why he has to use  toothpaste i'm not saying is to insult  anyone that's hard educating a mentally  handicapped child educating a mentally  handicapped adult so they can take care  of themselves on that level that's hard  work  too  but you're making a judgment  why don't you just let him have tooth  decay if it makes him happy why don't  you let him eat all the candy he wants  and never brush his teeth you don't do  that you feel some kind of  responsibility  for a lot of parents and a lot of  caregivers a lot of people are employed  inside of work whether they be nurses or  have some other certificate as an  educator to help take care of those  people you have to teach them again and  again and again no no no  don't eat this eat that and this is how  you have to brush your teeth  it's a false paradigm to think about and  talk about tolerance  because from our perspective  as atheists no matter how much we  tolerate the christians no matter how  much we tolerate the muslims  they will never  tolerate  us  now jacqueline glenn  is the definition  of a phony  hypocritical  pick me  atheist  i did a little bit of research on the  history of this pick me concept  there's a hell of a lot of meaning  packed into just two words in the idiom  it does seem that originally  it was used by african americans in a  satirical way on twitter  to specifically describe  a certain kind of woman  who gets positive attention from men a  woman who flirts with man or who even  seduces men by reassuring those men that  she is a woman would be willing to  indulge his worst vices his most  despicable tendencies  unlike his current girlfriend or unlike  most other girls it's a very very  specific  idiom and meaning and we see this used a  lot right now in veganism in the 21st  century people talk about and people  revile  pick me vegans  vegans who say they're totally fine with  their roommate eating a steak in front  of them vegans who say they're totally  fine with their husband or wife  eating meat they are totally fine with  their own parents that you mean and they  don't put pressure on everyone and this  very strange sort of pandering  to the audience and the reaction it  seems to get is  oh i wish all vegans  would be like you which basically means  i wish all vegans would be fake vegans  closely akin to  jacqueline glenn representing this  endlessly indulgent endlessly  indifferent and quote-unquote tolerant  model  of atheism where christians can watch  her channel  they can watch her singing a song titled  hallelujah they can watch her singing  christian and jewish hymns performing  christian and jewish ceremonies  celebrating both hanukkah and christmas  no word yet about that circumcision  whether or not she circumcised her son  they can look at jacqueline glenn and  suppose they say oh i wish all atheists  would be like you this is the pick me  atheist okay  but jacqueline  those christians  they don't look at their daughters and  think  i hope when my daughter grows up  she's going to be like you  jacqueline those christians  including the ones inside your own  family  they look at you  and they see the [ __ ] of babylon  they see you  as a painted  [ __ ]  and there's nothing relativistic  about it  their perspective is that they're right  and you're wrong  and you're going to hell  after you die  why pretend  that we can all get along why pretend  that we can have a school system  where not only do children pray  but where we teach  creationism and the theory of evolution  on an even basis as if oh oh it's just a  matter of personal choice it's just a  matter of preference oh yeah yeah you  know some people feel the earth is round  and some people feel the earth is flat  and we could all just get along we can  all just endlessly tolerate  one another  well you know what  there are limits to the efforts we can  make there are limits to how much we can  care if you have a severely [ __ ]  brother  i understand at some point you just feel  like my [ __ ] brother believes the  earth is flat my [ __ ] brother  believes that the theory of evolution is  a crazy government conspiracy theory and  i am just not going to fight anymore and  you can turn your back and walk away you  can never talk to your brother again you  can give up and you know he may be  he may be too stupid to ever change  but that sense of powerlessness  in changing just one person's mind  it doesn't make it  less important  to demolish  the institutions of christianity it  doesn't make it less important to  demolish the institutions of islam  buddhism so on and so forth right it  makes it more important because you  realize these institutions these  organized religions they are going out  and preying upon  people who are weak and downtrodden and  brokenhearted yes some of them are  stupid some of them are just going  through a time in their life where  they're desperate  for somebody anyone to tell them that  they care and then they end up becoming  scientologists  they end up becoming mormons they end up  joining crazy cult groups but you know  what  some of them just end up becoming  catholics and what can i tell you the  joint mainstream religions that have  terrible knock-on effects for them as an  individual and when you scale it up  they have terrible knock-on effects for  the political destiny  of our society all right the objective  of atheism  is not to be a pandering pick me atheist  like jacqueline glenn and she has just  been reminded  you can't break bread with these  christians and tolerate them and expect  them to reciprocate that tolerance you  can love the streets and they won't love  you back all right this is a one-sided  game that you're playing the objective  of atheism is to break the power of the  church  now  and forever  so that we have a future  in which people like you jacqueline  people that even i  look down my nose at  because you're a dildo slinging  ayahuasca huffing  antidepressant using pot smoking meat  eating cocktail swelling imbecile but  yes nevertheless  it's for people like you jacqueline that  i would prefer to live in a world where  you're not oppressed by these inane  religions  that end up harming people more than  helping them  by making a game out of the difference  between virtue  and vice  [Music]